Post-task questionnaires

RQ1: Utility

	1. I was able to find useful information.

	2. I was able to find everything we needed.

	3. The Human-Intermediary was ready to help me.

	4. The Human-Intermediary was interested  in my questions.

	5. The Human-Intermediary understood my questions.

	6. I am satisfied with the assistance we received from the
	Human-Intermediary.

	7. The Human-Intermediary made sure I found what I wanted.

	8. I felt disrupted by the Human-Intermediary.

RQ2: Workload:
https://humansystems.arc.nasa.gov/groups/tlx/downloads/TLXScale.pdf


RQ3: Collaborative Experience

	1. During the task, I had a pretty good idea about what my partner
	was doing.

	2. During the task, I think my partner had a pretty good idea about
	what I was doing

	3. It was easy to share information with my partner during the task.

	4. It was easy for my partner and I to coordinate our efforts during
	this task.

	5. During the decision-making process,  my partner and I evaluated
	arguments forand against the available options.  If we initially
	preferred different options, we exchanged arguments until a
	consensus was reached. Even if we agreed from the start,we still
	evaluated our shared preference critically.

	6. It was easy to maintain a smooth "flow" of communication with my
	partner during this task. Little time was lost due to misinterpreted
	references or misunderstandings

	7. I enjoyed completing this task.

	8. I think my partner enjoyed completing this task.


Tasks

Task 1:

Scenario: Jamie and Alex are rising seniors. They decided that before
they finish school, they will spend a summer volunteering (2-3 months).
Jamie heard through a friend that volunteering internationally is an
option they could consider. Jamie mentioned this to Alex, and they both
decided to explore different volunteering programs in Africa.

Task: Jamie mentioned to Alex that their parents would only agree to a
volunteering program in Africa if they are confident of their safety,
affordability of the plan, and if the project is exciting. In this task,
with the help of the human-intermediary, work together to find a project
which you both think is most suitable for you.

Your deliverable at the end of the task is to choose an option that is
most suitable for you and briefly explain the following to the
moderator:

1. Which option did you pick? 
2. How did you arrive at this decision? 
3. Why is this decision good for both of you?

Task 2:

Scenario: Jamie and Alex have never been to South America. They decided
to change this fact by taking a trip to one of the South American
countries during the winter break (December break). As a first step, to
estimate what is needed, they agreed to work together to explore
different options suitable for a short trip.

Task: Jamie and Alex decided to explore their options based on three
things, things to do/see, ease of getting a visa, and general safety of
tourists in the country. In this task, with the help of the
human-intermediary, work together to find a country which you both think
is most suitable to visit.

Your deliverable at the end of the task is to choose an option that is
most suitable for you and briefly explain the following to the
moderator:

1. Which option did you pick? 
2. How did you arrive at this decision? 
3. Why is this decision good for both of you?


Task 3:

Scenario: Jamie and Alex got invited to a potluck at their friend
Taylor's place. Taylor informed everyone attending that they had to make
a food item inspired by a region of the world. Alex and Taylor like this
challenge and decided to sit down and come up with ideas to make a dish
together.

Task: Jamie and Alex decided to explore recipe options for the dish they
plan to make. They chose to evaluate recipe options based on three
things, recipe from a region (of the world) that is not too familiar to
a US audience, difficulty in making the dish, and avoidance of
ingredients that people are commonly allergic to. In this task, with the
help of the human-intermediary, work together to find a recipe which you
both think is most suitable for the potluck.

Your deliverable at the end of the task is to choose an option that is
most suitable for you and briefly explain the following to the
moderator:

1. Which option did you pick? 
2. How did you arrive at this decision? 
3. Why is this decision good for both of you?
